Intrinsic Lock-=->These are built into every object in java .You don't see them,but they're there.
                  When you use a synchronized keyword,you're using these automatic locks


Explicit Lock--> These are more advanced locks you can control yourself using the Lock class
                 from java.util.concurrent.locks. You explicitly say when to lock and unlock,giving
                 you more control over how and when people can write in the notebook


// Using Synchronized keyword we don't have control like which thread will execute first and how much time
   thread will run inside synchronized block and method where Locks provide this


Lock-> Lock is an interface. whichever thread acquires this lock will be able to access critical section
       Lock methods;
       lock()--> trying to acquire lock
       unlock()-->
       trylock()-->acquires the lock only if it is tree during the time of invocation.if not free return false
       tryLock(time,TimeUnit.Milliseconds)-> acquires the lock within given wait time and current thread is not
                                             interrupted.Hence need to handle exception

        lock.lockInterruptibly()_> Acquires the lock unless the current thread is interrupted.
                                   Acquires the lock if it is available and returns immediatel
       ReentrantLock--> it is class that implements lock interface



If an InterruptedException or a ThreadDeath error is not handled properly, the information that
the thread was interrupted will be lost. Handling this exception means either to re-throw it or manually
re-interrupt the current thread by calling Thread.interrupt(). Simply logging the exception is not
sufficient and counts as ignoring it. Between the moment the exception is caught and handled,
is the right time to perform cleanup operations on the method’



--->In Java, the lockInterruptibly() method is a method defined in the Lock interface.
It is used to acquire a lock, but it allows the thread to be interrupted while waiting for the lock.

    Here is how it works:

    When a thread calls lockInterruptibly(), it tries to acquire the lock.

    If the lock is available, it acquires it and proceeds.

    If the lock is not available (i.e., some other thread holds the lock), the calling thread will wait
    until the lock becomes available.

    Unlike lock(), which blocks indefinitely while the lock is not available, lockInterruptibly() allows the
    thread to be interrupted while it is waiting for the lock.


    If the thread is interrupted while it is waiting for the lock, it will throw an InterruptedException.
    This allows the thread to be responsive to interrupts during the lock acquisition process.


